All right.
So missing letters this is a fun one where we're taking in a string from ADAs the.
Essentially it can it can be from A to Z and if it is we want to return undefined.
If it's not we won't want to return the first letter that is missing.
And our string so ABC we're returning d this string.
The first one that's missing is I and a string from loops and a string from all the way to the end.
We are returning undefined because there is no missing letter.
So that is our objective here.
The only thing I really have for you is split what is good and jump into it.
All right.
So the way that I solve this was I created a constant which is an alphabet string from eight is the
slowest start there.
And credit card.
I'm not that big with consequence.
And we're going to go ahead and call this alphabet.
So this equal to a string and here a b c d f g h i j k l m n o p q r s do you give it to you.
The
W X Y and Z.
So have our alphabet and from here what we want to do is we're going to split up our alphabet into a
a character array and then we're going to iterate through our string that we're going to split up into
a character array and from there what we're going to do we're we are going to compare the letters and
see if they are identical if they are not.
We want to return undefined if there's camera.
Come back to me.
Camera one can go if they are not.
We want to return return the letter that is missing from our alphabet.
So it's gotten to split this up into a character like so.
And then here we'll go ahead and say Konst word is equal to Estuardo split and we'll split that up on
each character and we'll start off real quick and handle some some and so necessary logic for the undefine
and we say look if our word on lexical this char's if our chars of chars 0 is not equal to lowercase
say in this case we don't have to worry about uppercase or lowercase values.
They're all lowercase.
If that is correct mean that they are not.
It is not equal because we are just going to return undefine
like so next.
Well we're going to do is we're going to iterate for the rest of the cases.
That's a unique case where we want to handle it the first character not being there.
But if we're not worried about that we're going to say look let i equal 0 0 is less than our charas
length and check each of these values.
Plus plus.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to iterate through here and see if our value in our char's
that we're checking is not equal to our alphabet meaning that the letters are not instinct and they
should be.
We're going to go ahead and just return that letter of the alphabet.
Which
DNA.
That's it.
At the end of day.
So we are hearing through our strings.
We're creating a essentially a a map at this point and we could if we wanted to it probably be better
to go and create an array.
This is just a little bit quicker and it definitely would be just to create initialize if we're going
to all of this way.
Then creating a character from our input and then we are doing some special.
You even need to do this
now.
But I think this is a console log.
So if you can.
So I think we have to do this here to take a for a door.
The undefined if we try to console log something that doesn't return we think it will return undefined.
It's not actually returning undefined.
It's just Prinny undefined because it's not doing anything.
So I think we do need this logic here but then we're iterating through our characters and we're just
checking to see which is the first value that that returns it doesn't return correctly else.
Actually we're not even returning undefined for this return undefined here for when it gets there all
these values meaning it's gone through and now we're actually returning undefined.
So if we return you know like something like this where we just sort of turn 5.
So yeah.
So we need to handle the undefine case here.
So that's very much it.
So if it gets you all this it means it has a letter Skydome return undefined.
If it doesn't check to see which ones which one is there now think we need this either.
And we can do a quick check.
I don't know why I had that in my code.
Probably because it works because it doesn't do dick and will do something like this where B.C.E. is
going to return.
Because that's the first letter that it's missing.
So you don't need that either.
We can't eliminate that.
Got a little bit of refactoring.
But that idea is pretty much the same alphabet array.
Compare find the first one that doesn't make sense.